chore: use permalinks for spec references (#9065)
ChainSafe/lodestar: packages/fork-choice/README.md

> This package is part of [ChainSafe's Lodestar](https://lodestar.chainsafe.io) project

> Lodestar implementation of the [Ethereum Consensus fork choice](https://github.com/ethereum/consensus-specs/blob/v1.7.0-alpha.3/specs/phase0/fork-choice.md).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Lodestar implementation of the [Ethereum Consensus fork choice](https://github.com/ethereum/consensus-specs/blob/v1.6.1/specs/phase0/fork-choice.md).
```
